README.md, before:

# problem-statments

General problem statment solutions

- Fizz, Buzz,FizzBuzz challenge to print based on multiple of 3,5 and both. -> FizzBuzz.js

* Print true if passed string value is palindrome else print false. -> Palindromes.js

* Find charecter which is repeated maximum times. Print charecter and count . -> MaxChar.js

* Find two strings are Anagaram or not. -> Anagram.js

* Accept string and Capitalize first charecter of each word ->SentanceCapitalize.js

* Accept string and return count of vowels -> FindVowels.js

* Create a spiral matrix pattern -> SpiralMatrix.js

* Print Fibonacci series till the passed number -> FibonacciSearies.js

* Merge two sorted array and return sorted array ->MergeSortedArray.js

* Return First Recurring Charecter from array -> FirstRecurringCharecter.js

* Function currying which returns function and evalute end value once all arguments passed. -> Currying.js

* Same Frequency Couter -> SameFrequencyCounter.js

* Check average of pair matches given number.

* Check if subsequence is present in second dtring or not

* return maxSub Array sum of given array with ->MaxSubArraySum.js

`JS Challenges`

- debounce or call function after delay of some time -> Debounce.js

Commit message:

Sum of two number in unsorted array or find second highest number

README.md, after:

# problem-statments

`General problem statment solutions`

- Fizz, Buzz,FizzBuzz challenge to print based on multiple of 3,5 and both. -> FizzBuzz.js

* Print true if passed string value is palindrome else print false. -> Palindromes.js

* Find charecter which is repeated maximum times. Print charecter and count . -> MaxChar.js

* Find two strings are Anagaram or not. -> Anagram.js

* Accept string and Capitalize first charecter of each word ->SentanceCapitalize.js

* Accept string and return count of vowels -> FindVowels.js

* Create a spiral matrix pattern -> SpiralMatrix.js

* Print Fibonacci series till the passed number -> FibonacciSearies.js

* Merge two sorted array and return sorted array ->MergeSortedArray.js

* Return First Recurring Charecter from array -> FirstRecurringCharecter.js

* Function currying which returns function and evalute end value once all arguments passed. -> Currying.js

* Same Frequency Couter -> SameFrequencyCounter.js

* Check average of pair matches given number.

* Check if subsequence is present in second dtring or not

* return maxSub Array sum of given array with ->MaxSubArraySum.js

* Max sum of two number in unsorted array -> MaxSumOfArray.js

`JS Challenges`

- debounce or call function after delay of some time -> Debounce.js
